Their prices are so low,
Colleagues have nothing to say. Now,
I hope Yuan Zhubao will hold some mid-life celebration activities.
All finished products are given back to old customers at their own cost.
Everyone knows what private things are left behind,
No one really dared to trouble him. younger brother,
What exactly is Yuantou's solution?
The solution to our problem is nothing more than buying some mines.
As long as you win it, you can plan them in one fell swoop.
Men save the ore that appears at low prices,
A large amount of fine and crispy meat,
Mainly purple fertilizer and red fertilizer.
What a loud tone
He actually wants to take over an original mine
Do you have the financial strength?
With the strength of our Tiansheng Group
Zhengshang really costs tens of billions of funds
Just stop provoking Li Jian here.
Since I dare to say that I can win a mine, I can buy it
I won’t use even a penny of my previous money.
You don’t have enough funds on hand
Boss Meng doesn’t need to worry.
But Wangyuan Jewelry faked it
I hope the boss will give me an explanation.